Update ui.mdx ( file limit has been increased from 300 to 3000 ) (#2459)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/run/ui.mdx

In a workspace linked to a VCS repository, runs start automatically when you merge or commit changes to version control.

> If you use GitHub as your VCS provider and merge a PR changing 3000 or more files, HCP Terraform automatically triggers runs for every workspace connected to that repository. The GitHub API has a limit of 3000 reported changed files for a PR merge. To address this, HCP Terraform initiates workspace runs proactively, preventing oversight of file changes beyond this limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GitHub API has a limit on the number of changed files you can merge in a PR. To address this, HCP Terraform initiates workspace runs proactively, preventing oversight of file changes beyond this limit. If you merge a PR that exceeds the GitHub API file limit, HCP Terraform automatically triggers runs for every workspace connected to that repository. Refer to the [GitHub API documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/repos/contents?apiVersion=2026-03-10) for information about file limits.
```
